# Mechanical Technology - Rocketry
Mechanical Technology - Rocketry is a technology-focused pack with the intent to provide a cohesive experience and custom progression without the common pitfalls of other packs. The pack is designed such that every material or item has some good use and nothing is a singleton material or left behind with only three uses, only one of which is needed in an automated capacity. As well, the pack is designed without the common "Create machine frame 1 for machine frame 2 for machine frame 3 for the required component for machine frame 4" crafting recipes found in other packs with similar goals.

## Exploration
Mechanical Technology - Rocketry also features a robust exploration component, the pack includes RTG, BoP, PVJ, Traverse, Rougelike Dungeons, CaveGenerator, Better Mineshafts, and more to provide rewarding beautiful terrain with a wealth of resources to be collected and rewards from structures. Ores spawn in large clusters, so the common "grind out a branch mine for random-generation, large quantities of one ore" is replaced with surface exploration for samples to find enough of a single ore to last until you can automate it, providing ample ground for structure discovery. Mobs do not spawn on the surface without a blood moon and only certain mobs spawn at depth - combat is avoidable unless you seek it out in dungeons or by exiting during a blood moon.

## Technology
Mechanical Technology - Rocketry is a fully-featured tech pack with a multiblock theme. Large stock-kept autonoumous automation setups are expected, but instead of the common "pour resources into blocks" of other packs, the pack seeks for the player to unlock better resources or processes to be able to produce new items - starting with steel, moving on to plastic and aluminium, continuing through titanium and other higher-tier metals, and finally on to space-native materials like cobalt and mischmetal, found in asteroids and the moon respectively. Iron scarcity is relieved through the ability to use other similar metals such as aluminium and nickel in many recipes.

## Rocketry
Mechanical Technology - Rocketry has a fully-fledged planetary system just waiting to be automated and produced from. Endgame will see the player with a network of automonous nuclear rockets shunting mischmetal, iron, and titanium from the moon, nickel, platinum group metals, and cobalt from asteroids, and volatiles from gas giants to a(n) central processing facilitie(s) to for automonous production, all with a Logsitics Pipes backboen and running on custom fusion or fission reactors.

## Depth and Breadth
Mechanical Technology - Rocketry, instead of locking the player into one production path for key resources, like common packs of its type, seeks to give the play a variety way of ways to produce key items - renewable or petrochemical methods for plastic, ore-based or asteroid-based metal production, asteroid or planetary ways to produce circiuits, plantary or gas giants ways to get volatiles instead of pidgeonholing the player into specific setups. Every material can be used for something, and often getting one material is better suited to a certain location than others.
